hey everybody welcome to screen crush
I'm Ryan arey Game of Thrones season 8
is just around the corner and to help
you prepare we have a recap of
everything you'll need to know before
the series wraps up and I gotta warn you
big spoilers are ahead for just about
everything that's happened in Game of
Thrones
now a lot has happened in this show so
we're gonna have to cut out a lot of
stuff like this guy and this guy and
this lady why because they're dead and
they don't matter
Nina who else is dead the little dog
from Frasier and so is this dog in this
cat all these animals are dead now does
that seem brutal well it's Game of
Thrones it only gets worse the lemon
juice and there are gods
so Game of Thrones mostly takes place on
an island called Westeros thousands of
years ago the island was filled with
magical beings called the children of
the forest but then humans showed up and
started a Fern Gully all over the place
chopping down the children's magic trees
like Captain Planet villains so the
children cast a spell on a guy turning
him into a super powerful Isis on be
called the Knights cake his only mission
destroy all humans the Knights can can
turn living humans into magical beings
called White Walkers and all the white
walkers can raise humans from the dead
to create ice zombies the White Walkers
turned against the children of the
forest and fought a years-long battle
called the long night now there's a few
rules for fighting the ice Ami's White's
the normal zombies can only be killed
with fire but the white walkers are so
damn cold you can't burn them so they
can only die when you stab them with
obsidian or it's also called dragonglass
or these special swords made for
Valyrian steel there's only a few of
these Valyrian blades out there no one's
made a Valyrian steel source it's a doom
of Valyria so pay close attention when
they come up anyways back to the long
night the humans rallied beat up the
White Walkers and then put up a big wall
made of magic ice to keep them trapped
in the north then the Nights Watch was
formed to guard the wall in case the
zombies ever showed up again but over
thousands of years people believed the
White Walkers were a myth that's what
protects the room yes yes against
grumpkins and snarks to the Nights Watch
became more like a border control
keeping out the regular humans trapped
north of the wall so over the next
thousands of years the humans flourished
and established great houses there's
only three of these houses that really
matter
there's the Starks who live in the north
and built the wall to begin with
according to legend it was the Starks
who defeated the White Walkers at their
castle Winterfell and its so named
because it's the place where Winterfell
then there's the Lannisters who were
power-hungry
scrooge mcduck rich and finally the
Targaryen who conquered the Seven
Kingdoms with fire-breathing dragons a
few hundred years later the Dragons have
all died out and the Targaryen dynasty
is overthrown by this man who I will
henceforth call the redneck King because
he drinks he swears and he loves hunting
I'm trying to get you to run my kingdom
while I eat drink and [ __ ] my way to an
early grave
so the Targaryen Prince kidnaps the
redneck Kings fiance Liana afterwards
every Targaryen is killed except for
Daenerys who's hiding out in magic Asia
and wants to take back her family's
throne and I will take what's his mine
with fire and blood I will take it the
redneck Kings best friend Ned Stark is
Liana's brother and he's with her when
she dies a during the war Ned has an
illegitimate son and he names him Jon
Snow and he raises John amongst his
larger family illegitimate children and
for a while the kingdoms a peace Jon
grows up and joins the Nights Watch
which at this point is mostly filled
with criminals and other rejects from
society kind of like the island of
misfit toys but much less right
[Music]
like I said before they're trying to
keep all the humans north of the wall
and they call these humans the wildlings
and mostly the wily just we want to get
back to the warm side of the wall
because they know the White Walkers are
coming redneck King enters an arranged
marriage with the Lannister name Searcy
she's got two brothers Tyrion a super
smart kind-hearted horny dwarf who has
all the best lines all dwarves are
bastards in their father's eyes that's
what I do I drink and I know things and
Jamie who she secretly screws years
earlier Jamie killed the old Targaryen
King earning him the nickname Kasey
seriously and Jamie have three kids but
everybody thinks the three kids belong
to redneck king ned finds out about
their twincest but redneck king is
killed by a board and ned is executed
for treason over the next few years
seriously kids take turns dying until
there's no one left to be in charge so
she becomes queen of Westeros meanwhile
Ned's entire family is either murdered
or goes into exile so here we go with a
roll call of all the living Starks Ned's
son bran accidentally catches the twins
bumping uglies and Jaime shoves him off
a tower things that do for love
afterwards bran loses the use of his
legs but discovers he has psychic powers
with the help of the little drummer boy
from Love Actually and his sister Meera
over the seasons bran gets several power
upgrades until he maxes out as the
three-eyed Raven
his superpowers include putting his
minded animals see in the future seeing
the past
talking to magic treats and using
time-travel to melt the mind of a
stableboy Sansa was excited to marry a
prince I love him and I meant to be his
queen and have his babies seven hounds
until the prince turned out to be a
sadistic monster she was married off to
another psychopath but he eventually
sent dogs to eat his face and then she
becomes the Lady of Winterfell come on
suits you aria is the youngest girl and
she likes swords and doing boy stuff
after her dad was killed she goes on a
series of adventures becomes an assassin
and learns to change her face she
returns to Winterfell after taking
revenge on the people who killed most of
her family she also meets several
supporting characters who will probably
be important in the season like Gendry
the illegitimate son of redneck king and
the hound who used to serve the
Lannisters but now spends his time just
kind of working on himself the King The
Hound scars were a childhood gift from
his older brother the mountain that
rides there's a theory that these two
brothers will fight in the event that
fans have nicknamed cleganebowl because
their last names are Clegane bull the
mountain was beaten half to death by
this guy before he rode over and
gallagher his head afterwards he was
brought back to life as a kind of
Frankenstein's monster by a mad
scientist named Qyburn both Qyburn and
the mountain are fiercely loyal to
Searcy the hound also almost died but
was nursed back to health by religious
house Swearengen and now he's kind of
good he's been chillin with a group
called the Brotherhood without banners
that's a group of former Knights who
force took the Lord's and castles and
now serve a mysterious red God it's my
[ __ ] kinda was a band of fire
worshippers across the sea Daenerys
Targaryen has slowly been building up an
army she has the power to control three
dragons that she raised from infancy and
it's important to note that these are
the only dragons in the entire world
she liber8 SAS lave army and then
several slave cities she earns the
loyalty of an army of meanest horse
Lords and then finally leaves her booty
call to rule her conquered cities she's
being served by a freed slave waiter
named grey worm who doesn't have a
dick private football Wang Willie
Johnson we Newark not woody yeah he
falls in love with Masson day who also
serves Daenerys and speaks several
languages I am oh this is the best love
story in the series so let me know if
you agree with that in the comments
below
another of Daenerys of servants is an
old knight named Jorah Mormont who's
deeply in love with her but is trapped
deep deep within the friendzone Circe's
brother Tyrion was briefly put in charge
of the kingdom then he was framed for
the murder of the king he kills his dad
he runs away and has brought to Daenerys
by Jorah Tyrion proves he's a valuable
advisor we make peace without enemies
don't tell friends and along with a
spymaster named Varys they all sail off
to conquer Westeros together but let's
roll back a bit and talk about Jaime
Lannister the Kingslayer
Jaime was kind of a cocky douche but he
got captured by the Starks escaped and
went on a long road trip with a badass
woman named Brienne of Tarth who sworn
oath to protect the stark sisters she
and Jaime bond after his sword hand is
chopped off and they fight a bear turns
out Jamie's not that bad of a guy he
only killed the old king because he was
going insane and he was gonna burn down
the city turns out Jamie's just a
misunderstood guy who loves his sister
way too much he gives Briana sword
that's made of Valyrian steel and she
travels north to serve Sansa along with
her new Squire Podrick who also used to
work for Tyrion remember Valyrian steel
is important because it can kill white
walkers as of now all of these people
have Valyrian steel blades but now let's
talk about the Greyjoy's a family of
pirate kings they're kind of the Jerry's
of the kingdom no good it's anything
damn it Jerry there's Theon who was heir
to his father's house before getting his
wiener cut off now he's got a bad case
of the Chihuahua face he's all trembles
and stares there's also his sister Yara
a total fierce badass and their uncle
you're on a Regis Idol maniac who steals
yarns birthright Iran promises seriously
a fleet of ships in exchange for her
hand in marriage he captures Yara and
then Theon sails off to rescue her like
her Russell and the Christmas Chronicles
he's finally found his sack booyah
but let's get back to John snow who at
one point pulls a Johnny Utah from Point
Break going undercover with the
wildlings but instead of surfing he
climbs a wall and he falls in love with
Ygritte instead of Patrick Swayze you
know nothing Jon Snow he befriends
tormund Giantsbane a wily fighter with
the hots for Brienne of Tarth he rises
through the ranks of the Nights Watch to
become Lord Commander his best friend is
a kind hearted cowardly scholar named
Sam who falls in love with the wildling
named Gilly and adopts her baby at this
point the story Sam basically researches
whatever the plot needs to happen like
how to kill White Walkers cure Dora's
lethal skin rash and who John's real mom
is but we'll get to that in a second
John discovers the White Walkers have
returned so he offers the wildlings
asylum and free passage through the
walls so they'll be able to take farming
jobs that no one else wants anyways the
Nights Watch rejects Jon's progressive
approach to wildling immigration and
he's killed through the bush but then
enter Davos former servants in the fat
kings dead brother Davos wants to raise
John from the dead and seeks the help of
Melisandre the knight is stuck for the
pateros a magical red God worshipping
Priestess who's in a bit of a rut her
self-confidence took a blow when it
turned out she burned a child alive for
no reason Melisandre is obsessed with
the prophecy of azor Ahai the prince who
was promised who will bring an end to
the long night in the ancient
we'll draw a burning sword from the fire
and that's kind of a fancy way of saying
someone who's really good at killing
zombies after she successfully raises
John from the dead she thinks that he or
Daenerys or both of them or maybe even
all these guys might be a Zora hi John
retakes Winterfell from some bad guys
and then he leaves asking Daenerys for
help fighting the zombies
Sansa's left in charge while Brandon
Arya returned home for a happy happy
start for Union so bran basically knows
everything and Sam's been studying a
whole bunch of genealogy and they have a
chat and they work out that John is
actually the son of Ned's sister Liana
and her true husband Rhaegar Targaryen
he's Daenerys his brother oh my god did
he kidnap my aunt well rape huh
he loved her this means that not only is
John the heir to the kingdom but he also
boned his aunt but nobody else knows
that yet except for one other person who
knows this secret Ned's old friend
Howland Reed who's the father of the
little drummer boy from Love Actually
and brand's friend Meera we haven't
really seen how and Reed in the show yet
but chances are he's gonna pop up in
this season Daenerys goes to war with
Cersei she burns the hell out of her
army but then she promises John she'll
hold off so they can defeat the White
Walkers together John and some of his
friends capture a zombie to convince
seriously that White Walkers are real
but unfortunately one of Danny's dragons
is killed in the fight later the night's
king lays hands on the Beast and gives
it ice powers they hold the dragon out
of the ice with giant tow chains and yes
White Walkers like rednecks always carry
giant tow chains anyways they showed the
zombie to Searcy and she promises to
help then secretly refuses to help say
whatever I need to say to ensure the
survive in the my house so Jamie has
north alone to stop the army of the Dead
Searcy secret plan is to let the people
in the north die fighting zombies while
she replaces her barbecue troops with a
mercenary army called the golden company
Tyrion also makes some kind of special
secret deal with her but we don't find
out what that is yet so that's where we
left everyone Tyrion bran and Sam all
know secrets John pledged his loyalty to
Daenerys and every main character with
the Valyrian blade is heading to
Winterfell and the final scene the
night's king pulls a regen tear down
this wall and his army of the Dead is
unleashed on the whole of Westeros all
right everybody that's basically what's
happened at Game of Thrones up to this
point if I've left something out that
should have been left in please let me
know in the comments below where screen
crush I'm Ryan Arry
[Music]